# First Review

First off- great job so far, this is looking really awesome so far. At this stage, I'm not going to focus on nit-picky does-the-desing-match-the-spec-100% details. I'm going to go through the code and comment on big-picture implementation choices, aspects of the coding style that I think could be improved on, potential improvements to component definitions, etc.

I've gone through a lot of the code files and I've left you some general notes- think of those not necessarily as comments on the specific files that I've written them in, but more for general practices. What I mean by that is that you should try to take the point/lesson from each comment and apply it in other places throughout the app. Play around with those ideas and see where they take you- see if you can find other ways to use those ideas to reduce the amount of code and styles that you're having to write.

Styled components are powerful, but they're also dangerous because it's very easy to just add a new one anytime you need a component that looks slightly different from a similar one you've made before. The reason this is dangerous is that you end up with a bunch of very slightly varied components and your app begins to lose its branded look and feel. If you find yourself having to add a new styled component because you need one that is similar to another, more generic component, but with slightly different styles, really take some time to examine that generic component and see if you can make changes to it so that it can be more flexible to support your use-case, while still performing all the same functions it was before. This will lead you to create more useful re-useable components instead of a whole bunch of components that all have different styles and are difficult to refactor.

I think this should give you a lot to think about architecture-wise. In the meantime, I think the app looks excellent so far and it does have a very crisp, clean feel that looks very faithful to the mocks. Fantastic work
